add release process to CONTRIBUTING.rst (#73)
MobileTeleSystems/etl-entities: CONTRIBUTING.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Just add ``ci:skip-changelog`` label to pull request.

Release Process
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Before making a release from the ``develop`` branch, follow these steps:

.. code:: bash

    # Step 0: Backup NEXT_RELEASE.rst

>     cp docs/changelog/NEXT_RELEASE.rst docs/changelog/temp_NEXT_RELEASE.rst
> 
>     # Step 1: Build the Package with Towncrier
>     towncrier build  --version=<version_value>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    cp docs/changelog/NEXT_RELEASE.rst docs/changelog/temp_NEXT_RELEASE.rst

    # Step 1: Build the Package with Towncrier
    export VERSION=$(cat etl_entities/VERSION)
    towncrier build  --version=${VERSION}
```

И ниже тоже заменить `<version>` на `${VERSION}`. Минимальная автоматизация, зато сложнее забыть про подстановку

>     # Step 2: Update Changelog
>     # Rename NEXT_RELEASE.rst to the new version number
>     mv docs/changelog/NEXT_RELEASE.rst docs/changelog/<version_value>.rst
>     # Edit the <version_value>.rst file to remove content above the version number heading
> 
>     # Step 3: Update Changelog Index
>     # Add the new version to the index.rst file in docs/changelog
>     awk '/NEXT_RELEASE/{print;print "    <version_value>";next}1' docs/changelog/index.rst > temp && mv temp docs/changelog/index.rst

Reviewer: Я бы сделал так:
```suggestion
Step 2: Update Changelog, rename NEXT_RELEASE.rst to the new version number:

.. code:: bash

    mv docs/changelog/NEXT_RELEASE.rst docs/changelog/<version_value>.rst

 Step 3: Edit the ``<version_value>.rst`` file to remove content above the version number heading.
 
 Step 4: Update Changelog Index, add the new version to the ``docs/changelog/index.rst`` file:
 
.. code:: bash

    awk '/NEXT_RELEASE/{print;print "    <version_value>";next}1' docs/changelog/index.rst > temp && mv temp docs/changelog/index.rst
```

Что думаешь насчет такого? Да, вместо копипасты портянки скриптов, которые все подставят за тебя все, тут придется копировать отдельно каждую команду. Но имхо так сложнее пропустить пункт 3 про обновление файла с release notes после его генерации

Author: да, хорошо, сейчас обновлю

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Just add ``ci:skip-changelog`` label to pull request.

Release Process
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Before making a release from the ``develop`` branch, follow these steps:

.. code:: bash

    # Step 0: Backup NEXT_RELEASE.rst
    cp docs/changelog/NEXT_RELEASE.rst docs/changelog/temp_NEXT_RELEASE.rst

    # Step 1: Build the Package with Towncrier
    towncrier build  --version=<version_value>

    # Step 2: Update Changelog
    # Rename NEXT_RELEASE.rst to the new version number
    mv docs/changelog/NEXT_RELEASE.rst docs/changelog/<version_value>.rst
    # Edit the <version_value>.rst file to remove content above the version number heading

    # Step 3: Update Changelog Index
    # Add the new version to the index.rst file in docs/changelog
    awk '/NEXT_RELEASE/{print;print "    <version_value>";next}1' docs/changelog/index.rst > temp && mv temp docs/changelog/index.rst

    # Step 4: Reset NEXT_RELEASE File
    # Restore NEXT_RELEASE.rst from the temporary backup

>     cp docs/changelog/temp_NEXT_RELEASE.rst docs/changelog/NEXT_RELEASE.rst
>     # Delete the temporary backup file
>     rm docs/changelog/temp_NEXT_RELEASE.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    mv docs/changelog/temp_NEXT_RELEASE.rst docs/changelog/NEXT_RELEASE.rst
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Just add ``ci:skip-changelog`` label to pull request.

Release Process
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Before making a release from the ``develop`` branch, follow these steps:

1. Backup ``NEXT_RELEASE.rst``

.. code:: bash

    cp docs/changelog/NEXT_RELEASE.rst docs/changelog/temp_NEXT_RELEASE.rst

2. Build the Release notes with Towncrier

.. code:: bash

    export VERSION=$(cat etl_entities/VERSION)
    towncrier build  --version=${VERSION}

3. Update Changelog

.. code:: bash

    mv docs/changelog/NEXT_RELEASE.rst docs/changelog/${VERSION}.rst

4. Edit the ``${VERSION}.rst`` file
Remove content above the version number heading in the ``${VERSION}.rst`` file.

5. Update Changelog Index

.. code:: bash

    awk -v version=${VERSION} '/NEXT_RELEASE/{print;print "    " version;next}1' docs/changelog/index.rst > temp && mv temp docs/changelog/index.rst

6. Reset ``NEXT_RELEASE.rst`` file

.. code:: bash

    mv docs/changelog/temp_NEXT_RELEASE.rst docs/changelog/NEXT_RELEASE.rst

> 7. Update Patch Version in ``develop`` branch **after merge**. Increment the patch version in the ``VERSION`` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Update the patch version in the ``VERSION`` file of ``develop`` branch **after release**. 
```
